Added vex warning (#6)
abidingabi/gm0: source/docs/appendix/vendor-list.rst

  - Servocity sells X-rail :term:`extrusion <Extrusion>`, lead screw actuator kits, and linear extension kits.
  - Servocity sells a wide range of :term:`servos <Servo>`, from Hitec to Futaba, at all price points.
  - Teams can get a 25% team discount from Servocity
- VEX/VEXPro

>   - **Game Manual 0 no longer endorses or supports any products from VEX or related IFI companies.**
>   - VEX/IFI (IFI is the parent company of VEX) has a history of extremely concerning accusations of workplace harrassment, toxicity, and general behaviour that does not align with the ideals of the *FIRST*\ |reg| Tech Challenge. All of these accusations and more have been collated in a `Chief Delphi thread. <https://www.chiefdelphi.com/t/cw-sexual-harassment-an-open-letter-to-vex/416929>`_ (WARNING: This thread contains many potentially sensitive topics, such as sexual harrassment. Read at your own risk!) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Game Manual 0 no longer endorses or supports any products from VEX or IFI (VEX's parent company).**
  - VEX/IFI has a history of extremely concerning accusations of workplace harassment, toxicity, and general behavior that does not align with the ideals of *FIRST*\ |reg|. All of these accusations and more have been collated in a `Chief Delphi thread <https://www.chiefdelphi.com/t/cw-sexual-harassment-an-open-letter-to-vex/416929>`_. (WARNING: This thread contains many potentially sensitive topics, such as sexual harrassment. Read at your own risk!) 
```
